Python dependencies hard pinned in Sentry (no more getsentry) (#287)
getsentry/develop: src/docs/python-dependencies.mdx

title: "Python Dependencies"
---

Unlike our frontend JavaScript story, where we're generally very happy pulling in dependencies, we're much more conservative on
the backend. Any dependency we pull in, might require us to eventually (temporarily) fork and vendor it if the upstream
project no longer supports our version of Python.

Additionally, all these dependencies run on the server, thus, making them riskier as they have direct access to customer
data if they turn out to be malicious.

So here are the rules we worked with so far:

## Rules on Dependencies

1. Any new dependency needs to be thoroughly reviewed and approved
2. Dependencies **must** be hard pinned in [the requirements file of **sentry**](https://github.com/getsentry/sentry/blob/master/requirements-base.txt)

## Rules on Licenses

Sentry uses BSD/MIT/ISC and Apache 2 licenses. Whatever we used needs to be compatible with this. This means an absolute
hard no on GPL/AGPL and a soft no on LGPL unless absolutely necessary. Acceptable uses of LGPL are swappable components
like database drivers.

## Unclear?

> If you have questions about dependencies feel free to reach out to Armin Ronacher with questions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If you have questions about dependencies feel free to reach out to [owners-python-build](https://github.com/orgs/getsentry/teams/owners-python-build/members) with questions.
```
